hey everybody welcome back to my channel
today I have an incredible treat for you
guys I used to work at a steak house
that did these little lobster corndogs
and this morning for some reason me and
Rachel woke up with this hankering for
corndogs so we went down the mall picked
up a corndog on the stick and I just
sort of popped into my head that I used
to bake these lobster corn dogs almost
every single day for like a year
straight so I figured why not share this
recipe with you guys it's going to
absolutely blow your mind
you know corndogs are incredible already
but fill the lobster and you have a
totally you know you totally elevate the
idea of a corndog to the next level so
with that said let's go in the kitchen
and show you guys how to make these
lobster corn dogs
so in this recipe I'm using fresh
lobster tails straight from the store
and it's really important that use
freshly cleaned lobsters because frozen
lobster tails tend to stick to the
shells after they're cooked and that
will prevent a clean removal of the meat
so once you've tied the tails together
with a little bit of butchers twine or
just plain old string get some water on
a rolling boil and you're going to cook
the tails for about ten minutes in the
class for around seven so after you're
finished boiling the lobster you're
going to quickly grab a bowl of ice
water and then place all the lobster
meat in this ice water which is going to
shock the meat and cool it down so it
doesn't overcook
so once the lobster is completely cooled
down remove it from the bath and then
you're gonna start to take the shells
off with just a little bit of pressure a
cloth and some careful handling
you
so when you come to the club the lobster
the first thing we want to do is remove
the knuckle after that take the bottom
pincer off and then wrap the claw in a
towel and give it a few smacks at the
back of your knife and the meat comes
sliding out fairly easy
so in order to get to the knuckle meet
you're going to need a decent pair of
shears make two incisions opposite of
each other on the shell remove one side
of the shell on the lobster Mitch comes
sliding right out
once all your lobster meat is completely
cleaned and all the shells are removed
from it all if you do now start
skewering everything up
you
so what's your lobster skewered up and
ready to go all I have to do now is make
your batter for frying and in this is
basically just a corn muffin mix that I
bought from the store some milk and an
egg and all I have to do is completely
incorporate the mixture
you
one thing I would recommend before
embarking on this recipe is try to find
some sort of stick holder that would
hold the skewer in place as a fries I'm
not too sensitive to oil popping on my
hands but for those of you who have
sensitive skin or aren't used to it
I would I would definitely look out for
something like that so once you're done
frying lobster corn dogs just gently
place them on a towel to blot off any
excess oil and I'm going to plate these
with a little bit of whole-grain honey
mustard and there you have it some
beautiful lobster corn dogs
all right so these beautiful corn dogs
are finished that was a pretty intense
process but definitely worth the while
got a little bit of this spicy honey
mustard because what's a corn dog
without mustard mmm she's a nice little
red tinge of the lobster really really
crispy has that sweet flavor from the
corn mmm nice and buttery
this honey mustard is killer kinds like
it's like a little spicy because it's
whole-grain but the honey is that
sweetness kind of cool to job just a
little bit well hopefully you guys
enjoyed this recipe
definitely nice and tender lobster
beautiful crispy corn dog so hopefully
guys enjoyed if you did please thumbs up
and subscribe and comment below for
future video requests and things like
that and I'll see you guys next time
with some more recipes bye everybody
you